1- How are you today?

I am doing great, thank you.


2- Tell me something about yourself.
I graduated as one of the top 10 on my batch, mean while my last year I was part of research lab where we did various projects and although I was the youngest, I was the team leader. Then I started taking a Bootcamp in software development and did 3 main projects where I was also the team leader in these 3 projects and we also made sure we use the newest technologies and best practices and new ideas.


3- Why do you want to work for us?/Why do you think you are a good fit for this role?

I feel grateful to have been called in for an interview with your company. It’s a privilege to be associated with your company, which boasts of a great history in it consulting and providing it solutions. 


4- What do you consider to be your strongest and weakest points

I think my greatest strengths are that I am a team player and fast learner. I have very good people skills and always committed to do things on time and complete (as what my manager told me the last time I met her).  However, my biggest weakness is that sometimes I tend to overthink things and I like to have as much details as possible about any task, but I’m working on bettering myself constantly.


5- What motivates you?

I’m a very passionate person, and passion is my strongest motivator that continues to push me to become a better version of myself. When it comes to working, I believe that great results will follow if I put in the commitment, dedication, and patience in whatever I do. Working as a part of a team excites me. The thrill of being able to create something valuable motivates me to work harder.



6. What holds more importance for you: work or money?

For me, work is a priority. I feel like if I’m satisfied with what I do and if I’m good at it, money will follow. My goal is to keep learning and upskilling. As my professional skills continue to grow, my professional worth will naturally increase. 


7- Why do you want to leave your present job?/Why are you looking for a job change?

while I’m grateful for all that I’ve learned there, I feel like I’ve learned all that I possibly could in my present organization, and now, I’m looking for something different. I want to explore new avenues and am more than willing to take on challenging roles.” 



8- Tell us about your salary expectations.

my main goal is to learn and gain experience. As for the salary, I’m sure you will decide what matches my knowledge and skills as I am looking forward to growing as a professional with your company,


9- What is your aim in life?

Presently, my goal is to become an integral part of a reputed organization where I can enrich my real-world skills and take on new challenges. I want to apply my knowledge and skills to contribute to an organization’s growth and success. Most importantly, I want to be happy and satisfied with my job. As for my long-term goals, I wish to build a comfortable life for myself”


10- How well can you handle stress and pressure?

While nobody can escape work pressure and stress, I believe that having an organized schedule can help a great deal. Also, prioritizing work is a must. I like to stay ahead of my timeline to deliver my tasks/projects in time. For me, the most important thing is to keep a calm head. When you have a calm mind, it’s much easier to figure out ways to handle stressful situations.


11- How do you feel about working overtime or at odd hours?

In my current position, my job is set within the 9-5 routine. However, I never back off from putting in extra effort and time if the need arises. If I’ve to work some extra hours to achieve something for myself and my company, I am willing to do it.


12- Assuming we hire you, how long would you be with us?

I will happily continue to work with your company as long as there’s mutual growth. While I’ll contribute actively to promote the organization’s growth, I will also expect to get opportunities to grow both professionally and financially


13- Do you consider yourself a team player?

Yes, I am. I’ve worked with my colleagues on various projects, and my transition into the team structure happens quite naturally. I like being a part of the team as it allows me to open up to new ideas and explore new avenues while working on different projects.”



14- How do you deal with criticism?

I know that I’m not perfect. I’m still learning. I do make mistakes, but I feel that I can learn from my mistakes. I’ve always been enthusiastic about learning new things and acquiring new skills. If anyone offers me constructive feedback or criticism, I’ll surely consider it and try to better myself. 
If you have a piece of advice for me that can benefit me and my work, I’ll make sure to keep it with me moving forward.

